[Boyd] Previously onFrom...
[Kenny] I feel like I'm
hanging on by a thread here.
[Sobbing] Those
things. they never run.
They know there's only
so many places we can go.
I think we're running out of
spaces on the board. Sheriff.
I wish you had the luxury of
grief. but you don't. Boyd.
These people need you.
You need to be the one to
lead these people home.
'Cause if you don't.
she died for nothing.
[Boyd] Come on. Started getting
tremors in my hand a few weeks back.
which means the clock
is officially ticking.
but I have this crazy idea
that might actually work and...
And if it does.
I might be able to find a
way to get these people home.
Something here is missing.
We just can't see it yet.
I need something to write with.
Ask every question. right?
[Jade] I don't just sit around
fucking accepting
the world as it is!
- [Radio static]
- Someone is doing this.
and I'm not gonna rest until I
figure out how. [Kenny] Jade!
[Gasping rapidly]
I really like you.
and what's about to happen.
it's gonna save everyone.
[Ethan] Where's my
mom? I want my mom!
You're doing this for her!
Let him go.
They told me this
was the last one.
then everyone gets to go home!
[Grunts]
- Ethan. run!
- No!
You don't understand!
- Nathan!
- Nathan.
Nathan. please!
[Jim] Where is she?
She ran off into the woods.
And?
And if she comes back before
dark. then we'll handle it.
And if she doesn't?
If she doesn't.
then it's handled.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Shovel thudding]
♪
[Father Khatri] Chaos and faith.
that is the duality
of our existence.
from the moment we first arrive.
and not simply
here in this town.
but in this world. in this life.
From the moment we
open our newborn eyes.
we are faced with a chaos we
cannot even begin to understand.
And how do we respond?
What is the very
first sound we make?
We cry out.
We plead for answers.
before we even have words to
give voice to the questions.
That's how we begin our
journey through this world
terrified.
confused.
And so. we search.
and we strive.
and we stumble
through the chaos.
We spend our lives looking
for signs that somewhere.
somehow there's a meaning.
a purpose to it all.
And then. one day.
we find our faith.
Our faith that we are
each here in this world.
in this place.
as part of God's
mysterious plan.
In our faith. we understand
the chaos is the meaning.
It is in our struggle.
in our search. that
we find our purpose.
"Trust in the Lord
with all thine heart
and lean not unto thine
own understanding."
- Amen.
- [Congregants] Amen.
[Chattering indistinctly]
It's always... it's always
nice to see new faces.
Yeah. I'm. um... I just
came by to give you this.
We've been packing up
the other family's stuff.
I figured they were yours.
Yeah.
How's Ethan doing?
Well. he's. um...
He's scared and confused.
He doesn't understand why
Sara would try to hurt him.
Mm.
Has anyone seen her?
Not since she ran
off into the woods.
Mm.
I ran after her. but
my knees aren't quite what
they used to be. I'm afraid.
Do you think she's still alive?
It's unlikely she
survived the night.
Those Bible passages. did you...
Did you write those from memory?
Yeah. Word for word.
It tends to stick.
Um. what did you really come
here to ask me. Tabitha?
[Exhales]
How do you know any
of this is real?
I mean... [Exhaling sharply]
It sounds crazy. but are
we dead? Are we alive?
I... [Sighing]
Would it matter?
I mean. for argument's
sake. let's say we're dead.
and we're all stuck here
together in some strange.
tormented purgatory.
What would be different?
We'd still be stuck.
We'd still be searching
for a way to go home.
All that would change is the
home we're searching for.
Yeah.
I mean. I'm guessing
I'm not the first person
to come to you
with that question.
Well. let's just say
I've had plenty of chances
to work on my answer.
Yeah.
But if it's any
consolation to you.
you were already here
when your vehicle crashed.
You're alive. Tabitha.
Your family's alive.
So you can scratch that
question off your list.
Yeah.
Bye. Yeah.
♪
[Match scratching]
We need to talk.
["Que Sera. Sera [Whatever
Will Be. Will be]" plays]
♪
♪ When I was just a little boy ♪
♪ I asked my father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be handsome?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ Here's what he said to me ♪
♪ "Que sera. sera" ♪
♪ "Whatever will be. will be" ♪
♪ "The future's
Not ours to see" ♪
♪ "Que sera. sera" ♪
♪ "What will be. will be" ♪
♪ Now I have
children of my own ♪
♪ They ask their father ♪
♪ "What will I be? ♪
♪ "Will I be pretty?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ I tell them tenderly ♪
♪ "Que sera. sera" ♪
♪ "Whatever will be. will be" ♪
♪ "The future's
Not ours to see" ♪
♪ "Que sera. sera" ♪
♪ "What will be. will be" ♪
You all right?
Yeah. it...
I'm having a hard time wrapping
my brain around it. I guess.
I mean. it's Sara. you know?
She was always so
thoughtful. so nice.
- How's your mom taking it?
- It's hard.
You know. Sara was kind of like
the daughter she never had.
I been thinking about what
you said the other day.
about running out of
room on the board.
[Kenny] I was upset.
Well. it doesn't
mean you're wrong.
Something's changing
here. It's like
like something's slipping away.
The other night. the talisman
worked out in the RV.
same way it does in the houses.
And?
And I've been thinking that the
only reason we haven't pushed
further into the forest
is we didn't know
whether the talisman
would protect us out there the
same way it does in the town.
So...
I'm putting together
some supplies.
I'm gonna take the talisman
and go out in the forest
and I'm gonna see...
Hey! Hey. hey. hey. hey!
Kenny. what...
Hey! You don't walk away
when I'm talking to you!
Are you going alone?
Yeah.
And how far are you going?
As far as it'll take me.
I'm doin' this to
find a way out.
find a way home.
Isn't that the point?
Make sure we all get home?
Honestly?
I'm not sure there
is a point anymore.
But if you're in that much
of a hurry to fuckin' die.
you should just go and do it.
Okay?
[Sighing] I got
everything packed up.
It's ready to go to storage.
Oh. okay.
What are you up to?
Look.
There's no wire in here.
What?
In the cord.
When you want to splice a wire.
you gotta strip away the coating
to get at the wire inside.But
there's no wire. This is...
You know. it's not
actually a wire.
And the plug?
Look.
The outlets.
None of it makes any sense
I mean. these lamps.
they shouldn't work.
Hello! Ah.
you. uh. rollercoaster guy.
- I need your help.
- You don't knock?
I'm sorry. would you like
me to take off my shoes too?
You noticed the wire thing
too. huh? Fucking weird. right?
You're that asshole
that almost killed us.
Okay. look. first of
all. I wasn't driving.
Second. my best friend.
who I've known since fourth
grade. is dead. All right?
He's not walking around with
A little boo-boo on his leg.
So. how about we just
call that one even. okay?
Now. you guys wanna play
house or do you wanna go home?
Because I have an idea.
Did you know there's
not a single copy
of the Bible in town?
I mean. in our little
traveler's library in the diner.
there's at least a dozen Robert
Ludlum and Judy Blume novels. yet
not a single copy of the
world's most popular book.
I imagine you wonder
why you're here.
You've done such
unspeakable things.
And by the rules of the town.
you should be in the box.
Nathan told me about the voices.
It's okay.
Sara. what if I were to tell you
that despite the horrible
things you've done.
you can still help the
people of this town?
You could still
do something good.
I think Nathan would
like that. don't you?
Yeah?
Good.
Those are pretty.
Right?
You have a good
eye. Miss Matthews.
Oh. I just found them like this.
Like what?
Arranged like this.
They were on the porch
on the side of the house.
Huh.
Well. it seems we have a
phantom florist running around.
Come on. It's laundry day.
[Gasps]
[Laughs] Come on.
[Jade] Ow!
Motherfucker! Come on!
Ugh.
These people are ding-dongs.
They stripped the car.
They leave behind the only
parts that actually matter.
They're not all ding-dongs.
Battery's gone.
Huh?
I said. the battery is gone.
That means we gotta
go back to town.
Wait. just as soon as
I get this cable here.
Goddamn it. come on.
Why all the way out here?
We literally could've gotten
wiring from any car in town.
My friend. this is a
top-of-the-line Audi Q5.
Parts sourced from...
You really wanna pin our hopes
to some peasant model jalopy?
Yep.
You got all that?
Whoo! We're doing it!
Science!
[Sighing] Good morning.
Uh. I'm dropping
these off for storage.
Hey.
Honey. she's not here.
She's not gonna hurt you.
Promise?
Yeah. I promise.
Come on.
Where should I...?
[Door opening]
Wow. Look at all this stuff.
Hey.
Don't touch anything.
Why?
Because this... this used
to belong to other people.
The people who lived here?
Mm-hmm.
Oh.
It's like the cavern
of the lonely dragon.
Yeah?
When the Cromenockle was
lost in the rainbow sky.
she found a cavern where
the lonely dragon lived.
and it was full of stuff
that nobody wanted.
But for the lonely dragon.
all the stuff was
treasure. And guess what.
What?
In one of the big
piles of stuff.
there was the map
of the rainbow sky.
So. the lonely dragon
gave it to the Cromenockle
and then she wasn't
lost anymore.
So maybe we'll
find a map in here.
Yeah. maybe we will.
Mom?
Yeah.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
[Jade] Yeah. this is it.
this one. right here.
Oh. this'll never work.
Of course. it's going to work.
No. it's not nearly tall enough.
It won't have the
signal strength.
Yeah. listen. we can
deal with that. okay?
This is just a test run. Look.
you're an engineer. right?
Amusement parks? Yeah.
Okay. So. I guess that
means one of us built
a multi-million-dollar
software company
and the other does. what.
safety tests on the teacup ride?
You know what? Do it yourself.
Huh? Wait. no. no! Hey. look.
I'm sorry. okay? I'm sorry.
People tell me I'm not great when
it comes to talking to people.
You have no idea what it's like
being smarter than
everyone you know.
Listen. okay. look.
the truth is...
I could really use your help.
Yeah. you could.
This antenna. it
has to go up high.
That is the highest tree that
I could find. but I... I can't.
[Stammers] I get vertigo.
So. you brought me out
here to climb a tree?
Yeah.
[Scoffs]
Listen. you don't like me.
All right? That's fine.
But if there's even
the slightest chance
this could work. don't
you want to know for sure?
Yeah. Yeah. I do.
Okay.
All right.
All right. Pass me up the cable?
[Birds chirping]
Kristi. you here?
♪
[Kristi] Sheriff Boyd?
Kristi. hey.
I-I was just. uh...
I didn't see you upstairs. so...
Everything okay?
I know you and Kenny are
close. and I was just. uh...
How's he doing?
Well. I mean...
I think he's... been
having a hard time since...
Right. right.
And I-I think he's
trying really hard
to be this person that he
thinks people need him to be. if
that makes sense?
Yeah.
Being your deputy and.
and I know a big thing for him
is he doesn't want
to let you down.
I know. And I'm really trying
not to push him too hard.
The truth is. he needs
to be ready to lead.
Can I be honest with you?
Please.
I get that you want to
prepare him for the worst.
get him ready to take your
place in case something ever...
But right now. he's
really hurting.
and I don't think
he needs a sheriff.
I think he needs a dad.
Goddamn it.
I'm sorry. I...
No. no. no.
It's... It's not you. It's me.
It's... [Sighs]
If you don't learn
from your mistakes.
you're doomed to
repeat them. right?
[Kristi] I really
didn't mean to...
[Boyd] You didn't.
[Stammers] No apology.
Thank you. Kristi.
♪
People think the
Bible's a fixed object
something written. completed.
But how can the
story be finished
if all the players
remain on stage?
We call it "the
Good Book". but...
Did you know it's actually
comprised of 73 books?
Did you know that?
Matthew. Mark.
Romans. Corinthians.
Seventy-three books.
All filled with tales
of miracle and wonder.
But there's also
darkness in the Bible.
Gruesome. horrible things.
You know. since...
Since the night I arrived.
there seems to be a question
I keep coming back to.
Seventy-three books.
What if we.
the people of this town.
are living the book that
has yet to be written?
What if this is Book 74?
And. Sara. what
if we were chosen?
For what?
I don't know.
Which is why I need you to
tell me about these voices.
Please.
[Ethan] When's Dad coming home?
[Exhales] Soon. honey.
I don't think he
will be much longer.
What's wrong?
Nothing. I'm just...
Just admiring this piece of
lonely dragon's treasure.
It's pretty.
Yeah.
Why does that light
keep turning off?
I don't know.
How about you and I
have an adventure?
What kind of adventure?
Mm. some sort of.
um. treasure hunt.
Really? Mm-hmm.
Yeah. the game's
gonna be called.
"Where does the
light come from?"
Sounds good?
- Yeah.
- Let's do it.
Let's go. Okay. we will
need some tools. right?
Mm-hmm.
Ooh. I found your tool!
Let's see if I've
found my tool.
Okay.
Let's move this.
Come on. honey. I need
you to push. Help me.
Okeydokey.
Now. this is your tool.
This is my tool. Ready?
[Ethan] Mom!
You're doin' great!
Here we go.
Hey. I'm snagged somewhere.
Can you see where it's caught?
Uh. no. not really.
Just. uh. give it a shake.
see if you can wiggle it free.
Yeah. that's it.
- [Jade] You got it?
- Yup.
All right.
Okay. How you doing up there?
[Jim] Doing good.
Fuck!
Oh. Jesus.
[Breathing heavily]
[Gasps in horror]
No. no. no! No!
- [Gunshot]
- [Screaming]
[Screaming indistinctly]
[Screaming]
[Screams]
No. no. no! No. no!
[Groans]
[Gasping for breath]
No. no!
[Jim] Hey. Hey.
Jade. wh...
Jade. Jade. right
here. Right here.
Listen. whatever it is.
it's not real. Okay?
There's nothing there.
Jade. I'm going to help you up.
Come here. Come here.
You okay? Huh?
Just get your
fucking hands off me!
What did you see?
Just fuck off. all right?
They said they wanted to help.
That they'd been
here a long time
and they'd been waiting
for someone to come
who would hear them.
someone who could help them.
Help them do what?
Help them escape.
Help them go home.
They said they
were just like us.
But why? Why did
you believe them?
Because... they told me things.
things they couldn't know.
They told me those
two cars were coming
and to stand out near the
edge of town and I would see.
They said it happened before.
that two cars came
on the same day
and everyone died.
They said it was because of
the people in the cars. but if
if I did what they said.
that we'd be safe.
we'd get to go home.
Okay. How?
How would we get to go home?
- I don't know.
- Okay.
Do you still believe that
they were telling the truth?
They promised... that
Nathan would be okay.
They-they promised.
and now. now he's...
[Screaming]
- Sara.
- [Screaming]
Sara. listen to me. Come here.
Listen to me.
Listen to me. Sara.
If these voices are real.
if something here is
communicating with you.
then that means you're
connected to this place
in a way that no
one else here is.
and that makes you
incredibly valuable.
Do you understand?
But we need proof.
We need to be able
to go to Sheriff Boyd
and tell him with absolute
certainty that you...
That I'm not crazy.
No. the voices. that these
voices are not simply
the product of a troubled mind.
So. Sara. I need...
Ow!
- Sara?
- Ow.
- What?
- Ow. No!
- [Screams]
- Sara.
- No! No!
- What?
- No. no. no!
- Please! Ah. no. no!
- What?
- [Screams]
- Sara. what is it?
- Ah. no!
What?
I need... I need...
Need what?
Paper.
[Gasping]
They want me to
show you something.
[Birds chirping]
[Static buzzing lightly]
[Static buzzing]
[Static buzzing loudly]
Hello? Is anybody out there?
[Static buzzing lightly]
- Hello?
- [Static buzzing lightly]
Is anybody there?
[Grunts]
[Speaks Cantonese]
I don't want any tea!
You realize I have no
idea what you're saying.
Fine.
It's good.
Thanks.
I keep seeing it. I-I keep...
[Stammers. sighing]
I keep having these. uh...
[Exhales]
Hey. where are you going?
Hello?
Where'd you go?
Holy shit.
This is all the. uh...
Wow. Oh. wait. wait! Hold on.
Slow down. Tian. I got this.
[Exhales]
What...
What are you looking for?
[Clattering]
What is that? It's
a yearbook.1972?
How many people...?
[Speaks Cantonese]
Okay.
Well. I mean. could you tell
me what you're looking for?
Shh.
What's that?
Hmm?
♪
[Breathing rapidly]
Oh. what the fuck?
[Sara gasping. whimpering]
[Whimpering]
Please...
I can't...
[Breathing heavily]
[Gasps]
I don't...
What is this?
They said...
They said they watched you
on the day you got here.
They said they watched
you bury the bag
and that this is proof
that they're real.
Do you know what that means?
[inhales deeply]
Oh!
Ah! Here we go.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's it. There we go.
Hey.
Sheriff Boyd.
Ladies.
Hi!
[Chattering]
Fuck!
[Knocking]
Come in.
[Door opening]
[Boyd] Hey.
[Door closing]
I was. uh.
going through my things
back at the station.
and I realized I haven't thrown
a ball around in a while.
Come on outside.
You can help an old
man knock the rust off.
I'm good.
Hey. I ever tell you. uh.
I played first base
back in college.
No.
Yeah. I was pretty good too.
Had a couple scouts
kicking around.
Here I am. 18 years
old. thinkin'.
"Man. I might be
going to the show."
"be the next Willie McCovey."
What happened?
Oh. you know
life had other plans.
Life always seems
to have other plans.
I'm sick. Kenny.
What do you...?
Have you talked to
Kristi about it?
Not that kind of sick.
My father was diagnosed
with Parkinson's
when he was around my age.
It's not supposed
to be hereditary.
The doctors all
swore up and down how
extremely rare that would be.
Wrong time to win
the lottery. I guess.
But how do you know that...?
How do you know? I mean.
it could be anything. right?
It is what it is.
Look
this thing is already
chipping away at me.
And eventually. I'm gonna get
to the point where I can't...
I'm not gonna be able to
protect these people anymore.
So I gotta find us a way
out while I still can.
You understand?
The only way I can do this
is because I know these people
are gonna be in good hands
when I'm gone.
There's a lot of
folks in this town
who are alive today
because of you.
And I know your dad
isn't around to say it.
but I promise you
he's so goddamn proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
But if you tell me right now
that you are not
ready for me to go.
that you need more time.
then I ain't going nowhere.
Okay?
[Exhales]
[Scoffs]
Well. we doing this or what?
Doing it.
Hey? Anybody here?
We might be onto
something with this radio.
We're gonna have to get it
higher up. but it could...
What the fuck?
[Footsteps approaching]
[Grunting] Hi. Dad.
Hey. kiddo.
What you up to?
We're on an adventure.
There's a lot of dirt.
so mom said I should
bring some outside.
Uh-huh. And where
is your mother?
[Ethan] In the basement.
[Clattering]
[Shovel clattering]
Tabitha?
Hey. Hey. How'd things go?
Good.
Yeah?
We got some static. so...
Yeah. well. that's
wonderful. right?
Yeah. it's a start.
What you doing?
It's like you said this morning.
it has to come from somewhere.
right? The electricity.
There's no power lines.
and all the wires.
all the cords. they just
they just go down.
straight down.
It's so weird.
Okay. Uh. sorry. can you
not dig for a moment?
Yes.
What's going on?
[Sighing] Okay.
Do you remember the
bracelet I made you?
The what?
The bracelet I made you
after our first few dates.
from. uh. the laces of
your father's boots.
Yeah. of course. I remember.
Okay. Remember.
you lost it at the hospital
the night Julie was born.
Okay.
Turn around. Look
what's sitting there.
[Scoffs]
Okay. I still don't get it.
You're saying you
found a bracelet
that's similar to
the one you gave...
No. no. no. no.
It's not similar.
That is the bracelet.
Those are the laces
from your father's boots!
No. those were
generic rawhide laces.
the same you'd find on any boot.
No. no. no. no. no.
no. Look. Look at this.
Look at this.
What?
This was an accident.
I made this.
I was so afraid I ruined it.
but then. when I gave it to you.
you said. "Accidents... ".
"Accidents are the best part."
Yes. Why?
Ah. because it makes
it one of a kind.
Exactly.
It's impossible.
Jim. everything about
this is impossible.
That doesn't make any sense.
Those wires don't make sense.
We may not be able to find
out how this got here.
but we can find out
where those wires go.
Give me the shovel.
[Breathing heavily]
[Grunting]
♪
[indistinct chatter]
Where's yours?
First base. I don't
need no glove.
[Laughs]
Are you sure? Because
I got some heat.
Just throw the damn ball.
You're gonna regret this.
I hear a lot of
talking. but I'm not...
Here comes the heat.
I think. uh... Think
maybe I'll carve us a bat.
That way. when you get
back. we can do this right.
When I get back. huh?
Yeah. when you get back.
♪
Yeah.
[Quiet snoring]
[Snoring]
[Passionate moaning]
♪
They're so beautiful.
I'm so glad you like them.
When can I come inside?
♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org